1. Develop Capital.

Limespoil, the so called capital of the Bloodsail Pirates, slowly grows due to many riches flooding down the streets. It had grown into fully developed city, one that can rival even the pearls of Eastern Kingdoms!

2. Prosperity of the Plunder Isle.

As time passes, and Plunder Isle is slowly being develop, simple people who live the start to call this unusual in our history event, as time of prosperity.

3. Stable Pirate National.

The Time has come never seen before by the eyes of those who settle in this land. Not only wealth, but also power, might and influence of our nation can be felt across the world. We are far down the simple pirates, who steal but a few coins from traveling merchants. We are the Bloodsail Buccaneers! Mightiest and wealthiest of the pirates!

4. Pirate Colonial League.

PCL, standing for the Pirate Colonial League, is a response to the many discoveries and changes across the world. Vastness of it sparks interest, which in return sparks action. And so, now, young and brave, will travel the world, learning of the unknown and perhaps gaining something for us!

5. Discovery of new land

Barely months had passed, and sailors already shout about new lands never seen before by us. How little did we know before? Doesn’t matter, as now, with the era of exploration, we will learn of the close and far of this world!

6. Conquest of Timeless Isle

One of the first lands to be discovered was a smile island west of our nation. It might not be the biggest nor the shiniest of unknowns, but it’s still a great first target for our colonial expansion!

7. Land beyond the Mist

Upon venturing further West, we happened to stumble upon a land not mentioned by any map. It was past the great unknown that was the Mist. A small cluster of island, few of them even with locals. Of course, we could ignore the potential those lands offered, and soon, started to bring there our people, to settle them a have control over the untapped resources.

8. Control over Darkspear Isles

Now, we learned the names of this place. I takes from the tribe of trolls that lives there. Darkspear. Sound as we would expect, but it troubles us that the locals might have a problem with the fact, that we wish to own this islands for ourselves. But we can assure, their fate will be discussed.

Event: Fate of the Natives

A) We, merciful people of Bloodsail, decided to spare our native friends. To be a Bloodsail, it doesn’t limit to be a human. After all, we both worked with goblins and other races, so why would we bring end to our new people? After all, we can introduce them to so many thing!

B) Among the pirates, there was a division. One side supported culling, other defended the locals. Pirate Lord, to settle the debate, stood in between. And so, he enslaved the people of the isles, and forced them to work for him. It might not be the best fate, but being alive has it’s charms.

C) Why? Why would we let them live?! Those are some pitiful trolls, mindless, feral races, that just beg to be slaughter by the superior human race! And so, that will be their end. After all, our people can resettle those lands later.

9. Goblins of Kezan

Kezan. This lovely island is the homeland of goblins, who years ago spread all around Azeroth, mainly in business. This discovery allows us to refine our interaction with those little fellas, and make sure we can keep the good partnership. Some even said, that we should join their little trade union.

Event: Aspiration to join the Trade Coalition

Over the weeks since discovery of Kezan, many had suggested that our pirate nation, due to sharing some similarities with the republican ways of the Goblins, should aspire to join their coalition. Due to popular vote, and support form the inside. Now, we have decision to make.

Leader of the Goblin Coalition flavor text:

The human nation of Bloodsail, the famous pirates of the Eastern Kingdoms, arrived at our doorstep. Upon speaking to your people, they showed desire to join our Trade Coalition, as a member among others. What is your decision?

10. Venture Company Alliance.

While interacting with the whole of Trade Coalition is done at the daily basis, we have found out the Venture Company is the closest to our ideas. Perhaps, we should lean towards alliance with them, making both of us stronger. After all, only one can rule them all!

11. Colony in Lost Isles

Our colonial expedition had passed the island of Kezan, and in their journey, discovered an unclaimed tropical landscape. This, called a lost isle by one of the crew, set of islands, show opportunity to expand our realm with new, additional land, giving us strategic base of operation in the middle of the ocean.

12. Tel’abim Banana Monopoly

Tel’abim banana is regarded as quite a delicacy. While cheap, its taste is especially sweet, being rival to all those baked goods and sweets while being a fruit. But, sadly, we rarely can get a large amount of this perfect good. Unless, we control all of it’s production. That’s a sweet idea!

13. Corsairs of Tanaris

We have landed upon strange land. It’s sandy beaches and expanding dunes showed us that it was indeed a desert. We settled the coast, refilling our supplies. We decided to establish outpost there, however, as we stood there day and night, we developed new sense of identity. We belived this new region to be start of something different, and so, we discussed our plans.

Event – Pirates of Tanaris(Southsea does not exists)

Day and night we spoke and thought. We felt this is indeed new beginning. Our home was so far away, we could really feel the disconnect. We debated that knowing full well that we will hear from our homeland, sooner or later, that we could do more for our people. And so, as the unified decision among men and women alike, the Southsea Pirates were born.

14. Crackdown on Ratchet

Port-City of Ratchet is located at the middle of the Eastern side of a continent now we know is called Kalimdor. At first, we were cautious, but now, knowing the sea and it’s trade routs, we know that we cannot loose the opportunity to claim such a pearl among the sands. And so, now, the pirate fleet blockades the port of Ratchet, and plans on it’s fate.

15. Azshara Naval Base

From our goblin friends(and enemies) we have found out that there exist a place called Azshara. Named after some Queen, the land now is devoted of civilization, and overrun by feral creatures. We have decided to claim it for ourselves. Now, it’s belongs to the Bloodsail!

16. Threat of Nazjatar

Sailing north what we discovered as our latest discovery, we has stumbled upon a large number of Naga. Those vile, serpent-like creatures are the enemy of all sailors. Now, I only can say, that we might have stumbled upon serpent's lair.

17. Victory over the Naga

Weeks, Months, Years, Decades. Many stories were told of how long it too to defend the land from the water dwellers. But now, now it’s over. Standing in the palace under the sea, in front of the corpse of the former Queen of the naga, we can finally declare, that the people of lands had defeated the sea monsters. Glory to humanity, glory to Bloodsail! From the loot we found, one was different than the others. A scepter of gold, shaped in the trident. His power, however, beyond our imagination.

18. Frozen Land of Northrend

Since the defeat of the Naga, traveling by boat became much safer. They still existed, scattered around the world, but numbers were cut down. Due to it, we could explore the north, and as we did, we stumbled upon the frozen continent. One we knew about from different sources, from different side. Northrend.

19. Borean Port

Since then we explored the coastlines, and decided to make landing on one of the beaches. There, we established small outpost, that will work as our docking port, if we ever return.

20. Stand of the Pirates

Upon exploration, we discovered a large island, surrounded by mountains. We didn’t know what it was, but it had some constructions on it, but it was abandoned. Feeling the need to reuse what was present there, we settle the island.

21. Dragon’s Doorstep

We spoke with locals, we spoke with travelers and merchants. All of them spoke of the lands where the might dragons meet. We too, wanted to see this place, but further discussion decided that is shouldn’t be our priority. So, we grabbed a coastal province as our next port, and went east, to settle another.

22. Control of Venture Bay

In the East, we found out there existed a peaceful location, that our goblin friends soon called a perfect place for a base of operation. Agreeing, but not letting them get the wrong impression, we claimed it for ourselves, but honoring their idea, called it Venture Bay.

Event: Establishment of Venture Bay

In the East, we found out there existed a peaceful location, that our goblin friends soon called a perfect place for a base of operation. Agreeing, but not letting them get the wrong impression, we claimed it for ourselves, but honoring their idea, called it Venture Bay.

23. Vangarde Landing

Finally, we have arrived at the location everyone knew. Many explorers of old ventured here, retelling the ancient legend about the people known as Vrykul, wanting to learn of truth. We were here now, and we gladly take a break to discover this land. Once we have the harbor.

24. Isle of Blood

Last on our list was a little island, off the coast of a beautiful green forest. Island itself was rather remote, but it’s terrain gave idea for a natural port. Wasting no time, we took over the place, and make it our own.

25. Ports of Southern Pandaria

Due to the discovery in the Mist, many of us agreed that we should show those local races that in the grand scheme of things, we rule the sea. Targeting many of their ports and vital areas of interest, we have established ourselves as de-facto dominant force, that needs to be respected by the locals.

26. Ports of Northern Pandaria

Due to the discovery in the Mist, many of us agreed that we should show those local races that in the grand scheme of things, we rule the sea. Targeting many of their ports and vital areas of interest, we have established ourselves as de-facto dominant force, that needs to be respected by the locals.

27. Ports of Western Pandaria

Due to the discovery in the Mist, many of us agreed that we should show those local races that in the grand scheme of things, we rule the sea. Targeting many of their ports and vital areas of interest, we have established ourselves as de-facto dominant force, that needs to be respected by the locals.

28. Prepare the Pirate Fleet.

Before even daring to call ourselves true pirates, we need a proper fleet, that can allow us the means of transportation and control of the sea. Without it, all our plans a but a dream of a foolish man. Luckily, we are good at shipbuilding.

29. Secure the Home Island

While we control the mainland of the Plunde Isle region, there are still little pieces of land we need to secure, to achieve total control. To mention it, our neighbors, the Kunzen, need to be shown whose land they occupy. Bloodsail is the ruler of this region. This is the way it will always be.

30. The Zandalari

Zandalari, or properly a Zandalar Empire, is a nation know from the oldest books. One of the oldest and mightiest, at least in the past. Now, they are but another empire. On many occasion in the past, we have interacted with them, on friendly or hostile terms. Now, our goal, is to deal with this remnant of the past, and ensure our legacy as the masters of the seas! No troll shall claim this title, never! If it is my blood that must flow to ensure that, I will make it a river, just to drown our enemies in it!

31. Challenge the Golden Armada

The fleet of the Zandalar is regarded as one of the strongest present in our time. For centuries it was undefeated, securing peace to Zandalar. Today, we dare to claim, that Zandalari fleet is but a collection of relics, that should be covered by dust. We dare to break that legacy, by building a navy even mightier! We make sure the battle that will on day happen, will be written by the historians as the fall of the Golden Armada, and rise of the Black Flag!

32. Landing in Zandalar.

It took years to prepare what was about to happen. Every man, woman and child was aware, that what we are about to do, will take us to the history books, as either the one who will take down this empire, or as ones who failed to do so. The time is now, to show the might of the Bloodsail nation, and to ensure the eclipse of the empire!

33. Occupation of Dazal’Alor

After successful first phase of the invasion, we were able to defeat the enemy and occupy the city of gold. It’s time we claim the riches of the city.

Event – Golden City Pillaged!

Gold, gold and more gold! The city of Dazal’alor was known to be rich, but this is beyond our imagination. So much to grab, so much to pillage! The wealth of the Zandalari belongs to us!

34. Downfall of the Ancient Empire

We have done it. Many years ago, we would have only dreamed of it. But today, we did it! We brought down the Zandalari! The empire is no more! Forced on the knees, down to worship the superior nation! Today, we are the Bloodsail Buccaneers, the Destroyers of the Empire! Fear us, for our might has no limits!

35. Build up the Army

While having a navy is obvious, without an army, pirate navy cannot achieve too much. We have decided to fill our ranks with the best of the best pirates, who will gladly serve us for the profit that comes from the war.

36. New Path of Expansion

With our lands secured, and the army established, it would be a waste not to expand our influence outside of the home region. Gladly, being situated close to the Eastern Kingdoms, we can find way to expand there.

37. The Unrest in Westfall

One of our biggest rivals, the Kingdom of Stormwind, stand as a nation blockading us from achieving our vision. Upon further investigation, we have learned that the fertile region of Westfall, known as breadbasket of Stormwind, is having issues with rebellions. A group of dedicated people, know in the underground as Defias Brotherhood, hopes to one day put Stormwind to rest. We, Bloodsail Buccaneers, think it is a good opportunity to help those people set the whole region ablaze.

38. Contact the Defias Leadership

Searching undercover across the lands, we have located the leaders of the brotherhood. Upon arriving, our diplomats were called the spies, but as our intentions were explained, they were treated properly. Finding our goals in alignment, we formed a bond of friendship with the Defias.

39. Defias Deal

Seeing the Revolution was progressing smoothly, but not without downsides and costs, we were approached with an offer. If we offer support to the Brotherhood, they will grow closer to us, which might even allow us to gain enough influence to make them our subject. Alternatively, we can leave them to deal with it alone.

Event – Support of Defias Revolution

Approached by the members of the brotherhood, we were asked by their leadership, on how much support we can offer. This issue was discussed many times among our ranks, and now, it’s time we decide.


Event – Defias Uprising

Years had passed since the Defias activity begun around the Eastern Kingdoms. Today, 5 years since the great operation begun, it’s time to grab our weapons, and free the lands of Westfall from the failed government.

40. Destabilize the Hamlet

Revolution must continue, and the Grand Hamlet stands as next target to liberate. Our agents had already spread around the region, now, it’s out time to break them free from tyranny of Stormwind, and let them join the Defias Revolution!

41. Invasion of Elwynn Forest

Upon freeing the lands of the Hamlet from the ignorant rulers of Stormwind, it leave us no other option that to enter the heartland of their nation, Elwynn Forest, and finish off the crown.

42. The Dismantle of Stormwind

Upon breaking the will of the Stormwind soldiers, we were able to break the city defences, and occupy the city of Stormwind. Final phase of the Defias Revolution is now complete.

Event – Defias Revolution victorious against Stormwind!

Stormwind is no more. Upon entering the capital, we cut down the royal guards, until only remaining person in the throne room was the king himself. Thought he resisted, fighting bravely, it didn’t took too long until he fell to the overwhelming numbers. Impaled by the many swords, spears and arrows, he fell to his knees, and with the final breath, he perished. Now, it’s time to divide this failure of a nation, and share the spoils of war.

43. Deal with the Vash’jir

Vash’jir was an unusual region near the coast of Eastern Kingdoms. Populated by many sea creatures, it exists as a reminder that sea itself is unexplored, and many unknowns await those who dare to enter it. But, we, Bloodsail Buccaneers, do not fear the sea. We challenge it, and we win.

44. The Pirates of Freehold.

Freehold exists as a sister nation to us. We are pirates, they are pirates. We both have ties to Eastern Kingdoms. Now, our reunion is necessary, to achieve the great age of piracy.

Event – Freehold Declares Independence.

It was sad to hear that our friends in Freehold were defeated by the mightier nations. However, even thought the nation had fallen, spirit of piracy remained through people who called it home. We were able to meet with them, and as they heard of our successes, they decided to rejoin the world with our support, becoming our loyal subject.

45. Challenging the Kul’tiras fleet.

Kul’tiras was regarded as the biggest naval power of the human nations. That was true, until now. We dare to challenge that idea, creating navy as powerful as theirs, and soon, even mightier. The legends will speak of our victory!

46. Victory over Kul’tiran Fleet.

And so we did it. We crushed the famous Kul’tiran fleet, sending it at the bottom of the ocean. Now, it’s leave us with decision to end this human nation once and for all, and take our place as the naval power of the world.

47. The Dismantle of Kul’tiras.

Kul’tiras had failed to defend their islands. As our soldiers occupied the vast areas of land, we grabbed the maps, and divided the nation so that it might never stand as a threat against us.

48. Foothold in Eastern Kingdoms

First stage of our expansion into the continent is to secure the landing for our armies. Now, as we secured the landing, it’s time for our expansion to begin!

49. Harbor of Booty Bay

Booty Bay is regarded as one of the most important ports in southern Eastern Kingdoms. And as such, was a major target of our expansion. Our fleet blockaded the harbor, and decimated the fleet inside of it. Now, the whole area belong to us. With occupation of Booty Bay, we shall spread our influence onward.

50. The Cape Colony

As we started our conquest from the southern tip of the continent, it’s only logical that we will be expanding north. As such, we entered the local area as if they belonged to us. We declared that those are the lands of Bloodsail, and now, we own them. Now, this is the way it should be.

51. Defeat the Gurubashi Threat

As we expanded into the continent, our expedition took notice of a powerful presence of the Gurubashi tribe of troll. This ancient kingdom stood the test of time, and even thought it’s power wasn’t comparable to what it once was, it still existed as a threat that can rise in the future. We decided to put the end to their existence, and deal with them once and for all.

52. King of the Jungle.

Our conquest ended upon reaching the mountains bordering lands of Westfall and Duskwood. As we reached it, we realized there was no threat in the region that can stand against us, and by the right of conquest, we became the power to control whole region. And so, Bloodsail Buccaneers became the rulers of Jungles.

53. Coast of Black Moras.

Our conquest in the north stopped, as we would have to rival powerful foes. Instead, we decided to move east, and expand our coastal control with the whole region of Black Moras.

54. Shores of Sorrow

Black Moras satisfied our desire to conquer, but not to the point of stopping. The pride coming from battling over territory was too much to give up, and so, we laid out eyes on Swamp of Sorrow, declaring that their coast belongs to us!

55. Not-So Dragonmaw Port

Dragonmaw Port, called that because of the dragon activity in the area, served as great spot to establish a harbor for our fleet. Even thought it was temporarily controlled by local rulers, it wouldn't be long until we were the ones to own it.

56. Control of Fadir’s Cove.

Fadir’s Cove is known as small hotspot for pirate activity. As our conquest continued, we knew we had to secure such a famous place for Bloodsail navy.

57. Control over Menethil Harbor.

Our last major conquest was the famous harbor, one blessed with the name of Menethil family. We felt that with it, we could show everyone, that Bloodsail Buccaneers fear no enemy!

58. The Control of Wetlands.

Yes, we lied. Our last goal was to secure the region of the north, when we can distaste the transport of goods and be a local power. And so, the coastal region of wetlands was our final goal!

59. Wealth of the World

Piracy begins and ends with one. Gold. It was always the case. And we, Bloodsail Buccaneers, rulers of sea, gained the most of it. We made fortune from raiding and plundering ships. Across all coasts, our name is know as those who were the most successful. Glory to Bloodsail, Glory to Piracy! Pirates now, and forever!
